Because the price of Tokyo is expensive, the first floor is a parking lot
Going on but I often see my degree three-story house there is still the seismic basis of brother
If it is wine or yes, it can not be said that it is not clear that it is a three-story structure
As calculation is necessary
The current of the abandonment
I think that no problem if it was a co
It is just by all means It is a building before the present abandonment
In the case of buildings, such as the existing ineligible you may be worried about
that
We can see well, but there is parking lot and all the front has been opened
Though it has a building it I might a little worried about
Is that?
In the case of wooden buildings
There are a lot of public relations that I have to have It is horizontal power to be confident by having a wall
Still is the major objective of most this way in respect to the horizontal force
It becomes weak because the front is vacant
Recently there is a way to reinforce the weakened part that is with this connection damper
This is said
When an alternative to this twice a month depending on the mounting of the these damper on the columns and beams
It is something to say, but it is reinforced with such hardwares
The most that
Ah ah ah
Though it's such to make the wall as a safe way
If you are not building a wall, you need to devise something like a connection damper.
I think
Thank you very much